Feat/Add-option-load_best-to-TorchForecastingModel (#2903)
unit8co/darts: CHANGELOG.md

- `from_group_dataframe()` now supports creating `TimeSeries` from **additional DataFrame backends** (Polars, PyArrow, ...). We leverage `narwhals` as the compatibility layer between DataFrame libraries. See their [documentation](https://narwhals-dev.github.io/narwhals/) for all supported backends. [#2766](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2766) by [He Weilin](https://github.com/cnhwl).
- Added `add_regressor_configs` parameter to the `Prophet` model, enabling component-specific control over `prior_scale`, `mode`, and `standardize` for the future covariates. [#2882](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/issues/2882) by [Ramsay Davis](https://github.com/RamsayDavisWL).
- 🔴 Increased the decimal places for quantile component names from 2 to 3 for more precise quantiles. (e.g. `component_name_q0.500` for quantile 0.5). This affects quantile forecasts as well as quantiles computed with `TimeSeries.quantile()`. [#2887](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2786) by [He Weilin](https://github.com/cnhwl).

> - Add an option param `load_best` to `TorchForecastinModel` that allows to automatically load (and use) the best model on the validation set at the end of the training process. [#2903](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2903) by [He Weilin](https://github.com/cnhwl).

Reviewer: Small typo: TorchForecastin**g**Model (missing g in Forecasting)
```suggestion
- Add an option param `load_best` to `TorchForecastingModel` that allows to automatically load (and use) the best model on the validation set at the end of the training process. [#2903](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2903) by [He Weilin](https://github.com/cnhwl).
```

- `from_group_dataframe()` now supports creating `TimeSeries` from **additional DataFrame backends** (Polars, PyArrow, ...). We leverage `narwhals` as the compatibility layer between DataFrame libraries. See their [documentation](https://narwhals-dev.github.io/narwhals/) for all supported backends. [#2766](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2766) by [He Weilin](https://github.com/cnhwl).
- Added `add_regressor_configs` parameter to the `Prophet` model, enabling component-specific control over `prior_scale`, `mode`, and `standardize` for the future covariates. [#2882](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/issues/2882) by [Ramsay Davis](https://github.com/RamsayDavisWL).
- 🔴 Increased the decimal places for quantile component names from 2 to 3 for more precise quantiles. (e.g. `component_name_q0.500` for quantile 0.5). This affects quantile forecasts as well as quantiles computed with `TimeSeries.quantile()`. [#2887](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2786) by [He Weilin](https://github.com/cnhwl).

> - Add an option param `load_best` to `TorchForecastingModel` that allows to automatically load (and use) the best model on the validation set at the end of the training process. [#2903](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2903) by [He Weilin](https://github.com/cnhwl).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added parameter `load_best` to `TorchForecastingModel.fit()` that allows to automatically load (and use) the best model on the validation set at the end of the training process. [#2903](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2903) by [He Weilin](https://github.com/cnhwl).
```
